Improvements regarding DC API (#465)
openid/OpenID4VP: openid-4-verifiable-presentations-1_0.md

This specification can also be combined with [@!SIOPv2], if implementers require OpenID Connect features, such as the issuance of Self-Issued ID Tokens [@!SIOPv2].

> Additionally, it specifies a separate mechanism that utilizes certain aspects of OAuth 2.0 [@!RFC6749] for the Digital Credentials API [@!W3C.Digital_Credentials_API]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, it specifies a separate mechanism for the Digital Credentials API [@!W3C.Digital_Credentials_API] that utilizes certain aspects of OAuth 2.0 [@!RFC6749]. 
```

> Additionally, it specifies a separate mechanism for the Digital Credentials API [@!W3C.Digital_Credentials_API] that utilizes certain aspects of OAuth 2.0 [@!RFC6749]. 

Reviewer: i am not comfortable with that. those are not two different mechanisms. what is defined can be used using browser primitives or sent over the DC API. made the text suggestion above.

> Additionally, it specifies a separate mechanism for the Digital Credentials API [@!W3C.Digital_Credentials_API] that utilizes certain aspects of OAuth 2.0 [@!RFC6749]. 

Reviewer 2: My understanding is that when implementing OID4VP over the DC API  it's not required to be compliant to the OAuth 2.0 spec, except when explicitly mentioned that a specific requirement from OAuth 2.0 applies. While in the traditional/vanilla approach the OAuth 2.0 specification does fully apply, except when explicitly mentioned that a specific requirement does not apply.

That to me means these are two distinctive mechanisms.

> Additionally, it specifies a separate mechanism for the Digital Credentials API [@!W3C.Digital_Credentials_API] that utilizes certain aspects of OAuth 2.0 [@!RFC6749]. 

Author: I believe we had alignmet in the Hybrid Meeting to say that for DC API, only requirements stated in the Annex should be followed and Annex would then refer to specific sections in OpenID4VP.

> Additionally, it defines how to use OpenID4VP in conjunction with the Digital Credentials API (DC API) [@!W3C.Digital_Credentials_API]. See section (#dc_api) for all requirements applicable to implementers of OpenID4VP over the DC API.

Reviewer 2: In the first two paragraphs we state that this specification specifies a mechanism "on top of OAuth 2.0" and "OAuth 2.0 is used as a base protocol". These statements are not a good description for how OAuth 2.0 is used in the DC API.
I think the solution should be that we either:
- Don't make these two statements in the first two paragraphs
- Start the introduction by saying that we specify multiple mechanisms

However if we are not doing either of those, can we add something like the following sentence:
This mechanism does not use OAuth 2.0 as a base protocol, but it uses certain parts of it, as specified in section (#dc_api).

Reviewer: > This specification defines a mechanism **using some elements of** OAuth 2.0 [@!RFC6749] for requesting and delivering Presentations of Credentials. Credentials and Presentations can be of any format, including, but not limited to W3C Verifiable Credentials Data Model [@VC_DATA], ISO mdoc [@ISO.18013-5], IETF SD-JWT VC [@!I-D.ietf-oauth-sd-jwt-vc], and AnonCreds [@Hyperledger.AnonCreds].
>
> **Some elements of OAuth 2.0 [@!RFC6749] are used to support building** a simple, secure, and developer-friendly Credential presentation layer. Moreover, when used without DC API, implementers can, in a single interface, support Credential presentation and the issuance of Access Tokens for access to APIs based on Credentials in the Wallet. OpenID Connect [@!OpenID.Core] deployments can also extend their implementations using this specification with the ability to transport Credential Presentations. 

@martijnharing how about this?

Author: ```suggestion
Additionally, it defines how to use OpenID4VP in conjunction with the Digital Credentials API (DC API) [@!W3C.Digital_Credentials_API]. See section (#dc_api) for all requirements applicable to implementers of OpenID4VP over the DC API. Except where it explicitly references other sections of this specification, that section is self-contained, and its implementers can ignore the rest of the specification.
```

Reviewer 2: I think it's editorially not great, but the suggestion from @awoie (and @Sakurann ) works for me.

: An artifact containing one or more Verifiable Presentations returned as a response to an Authorization Request. The structure of VP Tokens is defined in (#response-parameters).

Verifier:

> : An entity that requests, receives, and validates Verifiable Presentations. During presentation of Credentials, Verifier acts as an OAuth 2.0 Client towards the Wallet that is acting as an OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server. In the context of the Digital Credentials API [@!W3C.Digital_Credentials_API], the Verifier remains an OAuth 2.0 Client, though only specific aspects of OAuth 2.0 referenced by this specification apply. The Verifier is a specific case of OAuth 2.0 Client, just like Relying Party (RP) in [@OpenID.Core].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: An entity that requests, receives, and validates Verifiable Presentations. The Verifier is a specific case of OAuth 2.0 Client, just like Relying Party (RP) in [@OpenID.Core].
```
How about this..?

> : An entity that requests, receives, and validates Verifiable Presentations. During presentation of Credentials, Verifier acts as an OAuth 2.0 Client towards the Wallet that is acting as an OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server. However, in the context of the Digital Credentials API [@!W3C.Digital_Credentials_API], the Verifier remains an OAuth 2.0 Client, though only specific aspects of OAuth 2.0 referenced by this specification apply. The Verifier is a specific case of OAuth 2.0 Client, just like Relying Party (RP) in [@OpenID.Core].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: An entity that requests, receives, and validates Verifiable Presentations. During presentation of Credentials, Verifier acts as an OAuth 2.0 Client towards the Wallet that is acting as an OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server. In the context of the Digital Credentials API [@!W3C.Digital_Credentials_API], the Verifier remains an OAuth 2.0 Client, though only specific aspects of OAuth 2.0 referenced by this specification apply. The Verifier is a specific case of OAuth 2.0 Client, just like Relying Party (RP) in [@OpenID.Core].
```

> : An entity that requests, receives, and validates Verifiable Presentations. During presentation of Credentials, Verifier acts as an OAuth 2.0 Client towards the Wallet that is acting as an OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server. However, in the context of the Digital Credentials API [@!W3C.Digital_Credentials_API], the Verifier remains an OAuth 2.0 Client, though only specific aspects of OAuth 2.0 referenced by this specification apply. The Verifier is a specific case of OAuth 2.0 Client, just like Relying Party (RP) in [@OpenID.Core].

Reviewer 3: On the flip side, if we don't say the verifier is an OAuth 2.0 client, the `client_metadata` parameter (for example) gets a lot harder to understand.

> : An entity that requests, receives, and validates Verifiable Presentations. During presentation of Credentials, Verifier acts as an OAuth 2.0 Client towards the Wallet that is acting as an OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server. However, in the context of the Digital Credentials API [@!W3C.Digital_Credentials_API], the Verifier remains an OAuth 2.0 Client, though only specific aspects of OAuth 2.0 referenced by this specification apply. The Verifier is a specific case of OAuth 2.0 Client, just like Relying Party (RP) in [@OpenID.Core].

Reviewer 2: Currently I think the client_metadata is defined within the OID4VP specification as a new parameter, it doesn't reference other specifications for its definition (only for the underlying parameters).

> : An entity that requests, receives, and validates Verifiable Presentations. During presentation of Credentials, Verifier acts as an OAuth 2.0 Client towards the Wallet that is acting as an OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server. However, in the context of the Digital Credentials API [@!W3C.Digital_Credentials_API], the Verifier remains an OAuth 2.0 Client, though only specific aspects of OAuth 2.0 referenced by this specification apply. The Verifier is a specific case of OAuth 2.0 Client, just like Relying Party (RP) in [@OpenID.Core].

Author: I updated the PR to reduce the language as suggested by @Sakurann

: A Presentation with a cryptographic proof of Holder Binding. Can be of any format used in the Issuer-Holder-Verifier Model, including, but not limited to those defined in [@VC_DATA] (VCDM), [@ISO.18013-5] (mdoc), [@!I-D.ietf-oauth-sd-jwt-vc] (SD-JWT VC), and [@Hyperledger.AnonCreds] (AnonCreds).

Wallet:
: An entity used by the Holder to receive, store, present, and manage Credentials and key material. There is no single deployment model of a Wallet: Credentials and keys can both be stored/managed locally, or by using a remote self-hosted service, or a remote third-party service.

# Overview 

> This specification defines a mechanism to request and present Credentials. The baseline of the protocol uses HTTPS messages and redirects as defined in OAuth 2.0. Additionally, the specification defines a separate mechanism where OpenID4VP messages are sent and received over the Digital Credentials API (DC API) [@!W3C.Digital_Credentials_API] instead of HTTPS messages and redirects.  

Reviewer 2: If the overview section is intended to also be applicable to the DC API, we should also add a statement in the cross-device flow section that that section is not applicable to the DC API.
Otherwise it's difficult for a reader of the specification to understand which parts of the overview are applicable and which are not.

Reviewer: @martijnharing made a suggestion here 
https://github.com/openid/OpenID4VP/pull/465/files#r2049318795

Reviewer 2: Works for me

> As the primary extension, OpenID for Verifiable Presentations introduces the new response type `vp_token`, which allows Verifier to request and receive Verifiable Presentations and Presentations in a container designated as VP Token. A VP Token contains one or more Verifiable Presentations and/or Presentations in the same or different Credential formats. Consequently, the result of a OpenID4VP interaction is one or more Verifiable Presentations and/or Presentations instead of an Access Token. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
As the primary extension, OpenID for Verifiable Presentations introduces the new response type `vp_token`, which allows a Verifier to request and receive Verifiable Presentations and Presentations in a container designated as VP Token. A VP Token contains one or more Verifiable Presentations and/or Presentations in the same or different Credential formats. Consequently, the result of a OpenID4VP interaction is one or more Verifiable Presentations and/or Presentations instead of an Access Token. 
```

: A Presentation with a cryptographic proof of Holder Binding. Can be of any format used in the Issuer-Holder-Verifier Model, including, but not limited to those defined in [@VC_DATA] (VCDM), [@ISO.18013-5] (mdoc), [@!I-D.ietf-oauth-sd-jwt-vc] (SD-JWT VC), and [@Hyperledger.AnonCreds] (AnonCreds).

Wallet:
: An entity used by the Holder to receive, store, present, and manage Credentials and key material. There is no single deployment model of a Wallet: Credentials and keys can both be stored/managed locally, or by using a remote self-hosted service, or a remote third-party service.

# Overview 

> This specification defines a mechanism to request and present Credentials as Presentations. The baseline of the protocol uses HTTPS messages and redirects as defined in OAuth 2.0. Additionally, the specification defines a separate mechanism where OpenID4VP messages are sent and received over the Digital Credentials API (DC API) [@!W3C.Digital_Credentials_API] instead of HTTPS messages and redirects.  

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
This specification defines a mechanism to request and present Credentials. The baseline of the protocol uses HTTPS messages and redirects as defined in OAuth 2.0. Additionally, the specification defines a separate mechanism where OpenID4VP messages are sent and received over the Digital Credentials API (DC API) [@!W3C.Digital_Credentials_API] instead of HTTPS messages and redirects.  
```

This specification supports any Credential format used in the Issuer-Holder-Verifier Model, including, but not limited to those defined in [@VC_DATA] (VCDM), [@ISO.18013-5] (mdoc), [@!I-D.ietf-oauth-sd-jwt-vc] (SD-JWT VC), and [@Hyperledger.AnonCreds] (AnonCreds). Credentials of multiple formats can be presented in the same transaction. The examples given in the main part of this specification use W3C Verifiable Credentials, while examples in other Credential formats are given in (#format_specific_parameters).

OpenID for Verifiable Presentations supports scenarios where the Authorization Request is sent both when the Verifier is interacting with the End-User using the device that is the same or different from the device on which requested Credential(s) are stored.

This specification supports the response being sent using a redirect but also using an HTTP POST request. This enables the response to be sent across devices, or when the response size exceeds the redirect URL character size limitation.

> Any of the OAuth 2.0 related specifications, such as [@RFC9126] and [@RFC9101], and Best Current Practice (BCP) documents, such as [@RFC8252] and [@RFC9700], can be implemented on top of certain parts of this specification.

Author: ```suggestion
```

: A Verifiable Presentation compliant to the [@VC_DATA] specification.

Wallet:

> : An entity used by the Holder to receive, store, present, and manage Verifiable Credentials and key material. There is no single deployment model of a Wallet: Verifiable Credentials and keys can both be stored/managed locally, or by using a remote self-hosted service, or a remote third-party service. In the context of this specification, the Wallet acts as an OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server (see [@!RFC6749]) towards the Credential Verifier which acts as the OAuth 2.0 Client. However, in the context of the Digital Credentials API [@!W3C.Digital_Credentials_API], the Wallet remains an OAuth 2.0 Server, though only specific aspects of OAuth 2.0 referenced by this specification apply.

Reviewer: i think that statement is more or less true not only for dc api. 
it sounds like the bigger picture is "to what extent the OAuth 2.0 RFC is applicable" to openid4vp and maybe adding a general sentence that `only what is explicitly mentioned in openid4vp` applies would help?

> : An entity used by the Holder to receive, store, present, and manage Verifiable Credentials and key material. There is no single deployment model of a Wallet: Verifiable Credentials and keys can both be stored/managed locally, or by using a remote self-hosted service, or a remote third-party service. In the context of this specification, the Wallet acts as an OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server (see [@!RFC6749]) towards the Credential Verifier which acts as the OAuth 2.0 Client. However, in the context of the Digital Credentials API [@!W3C.Digital_Credentials_API], the Wallet remains an OAuth 2.0 Server, though only specific aspects of OAuth 2.0 referenced by this specification apply.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: An entity used by the Holder to receive, store, present, and manage Verifiable Credentials and key material. There is no single deployment model of a Wallet: Verifiable Credentials and keys can both be stored/managed locally, or by using a remote self-hosted service, or a remote third-party service.
```
at least for this part, how about this?

# Overview 

> This specification defines a mechanism on top of OAuth 2.0 to request and present Verifiable Credentials as Verifiable Presentations. Additionally, it specifies a separate mechanism that utilizes certain aspects of OAuth 2.0 [@!RFC6749] for the Digital Credentials API (DC API) [@!W3C.Digital_Credentials_API].

Reviewer: +1

> As the primary extension, OpenID for Verifiable Presentations introduces the VP Token as a container to enable End-Users to present Verifiable Presentations to Verifiers using the Wallet. A VP Token contains one or more Verifiable Presentations in the same or different Credential formats.

Reviewer: it should be `in a contain**er** designated as VP Token` but otherwise reads good

This specification supports any Credential format used in the Issuer-Holder-Verifier Model, including, but not limited to those defined in [@VC_DATA] (VCDM), [@ISO.18013-5] (mdoc), [@!I-D.ietf-oauth-sd-jwt-vc] (SD-JWT VC), and [@Hyperledger.Indy] (AnonCreds). Credentials of multiple formats can be presented in the same transaction. The examples given in the main part of this specification use W3C Verifiable Credentials, while examples in other Credential formats are given in (#format_specific_parameters). 

> Implementations can use any pre-existing OAuth 2.0 Grant Type and Response Type in conjunction with this specification to support different deployment architectures. In the context of the DC API, only a limited subset of features of OAuth 2.0 is applicable (see (#dc_api)).

Reviewer: +1

OpenID for Verifiable Presentations supports scenarios where the Authorization Request is sent both when the Verifier is interacting with the End-User using the device that is the same or different from the device on which requested Credential(s) are stored.

This specification supports the response being sent using a redirect but also using an HTTP POST request. This enables the response to be sent across devices, or when the response size exceeds the redirect URL character size limitation.

> Implementations can also be built on top of OpenID Connect Core, which is also based on OAuth 2.0. To benefit from the Self-Issued ID Token feature, certain parts of this specification can also be combined with the Self-Issued OP v2 specification [@SIOPv2].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Any of the OAuth 2.0 related specifications, such as [@RFC9126] and [@RFC9101], and Best Current Practice (BCP) documents, such as [@RFC8252] and [@RFC9700], can be implemented on top of certain parts of this specification.

Reviewer: we have issue #147 for this and it currently has been labeled 1.1

> Any of the OAuth 2.0 related specifications, such as [@RFC9126] and [@RFC9101], and Best Current Practice (BCP) documents, such as [@RFC8252] and [@RFC9700], can be implemented on top of certain parts of this specification.

Author: As agreed in the Hybrid meeting, there is alignment that all things that are needed for DC API will be referenced in the DC API Annex.

> Any of the OAuth 2.0 related specifications, such as [@RFC9126] and [@RFC9101], and Best Current Practice (BCP) documents, such as [@RFC8252] and [@RFC9700], can be implemented on top of certain parts of this specification.

Reviewer 5: I would nevertheless drop the paragraph as it even does not make sense for the HTTPS based flow.

> Any of the OAuth 2.0 related specifications, such as [@RFC9126] and [@RFC9101], and Best Current Practice (BCP) documents, such as [@RFC8252] and [@RFC9700], can be implemented on top of certain parts of this specification.

Author: Applied suggestion to remove this paragraph.

!---
Figure: Same Device Flow

> (1) The Verifier sends an Authorization Request to the Wallet. It contains a Presentation Definition as defined in [@!DIF.PresentationExchange] or Credential Query as defined in (#dcql_query) that describes the requirements of the Credential(s) that the Verifier is requesting to be presented. Such requirements could include what type of Credential(s), in what format(s), which individual Claims within those Credential(s) (Selective Disclosure), etc. The Wallet processes the Authorization Request and determines what Credentials are available matching the Verifier's request. The Wallet also authenticates the End-User and gathers consent to present the requested Credentials. 

Author: i will remove this

Additional request parameters, other than those defined in this section, MAY be defined and used, as described in [@!RFC6749].
The Wallet MUST ignore any unrecognized parameters, other than the `transaction_data` parameter.

> One exception to this rule is `transaction_data` parameter, and the Wallets that do not support this parameter MUST reject requests that contain it.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
One exception to this rule is the `transaction_data` parameter. Wallets that do not support this parameter MUST reject requests that contain it.
```

Depending on the Client Identifier Scheme, the Verifier can communicate a JSON object with its metadata using the `client_metadata` parameter which contains name/value pairs.

This specification enables the Verifier to send both Presentation Definition JSON object and Client Metadata JSON object by value or by reference.

Additional request parameters, other than those defined in this section, MAY be defined and used, as described in [@!RFC6749].
The Wallet MUST ignore any unrecognized parameters, other than the `transaction_data` parameter.

> One exception to this rule is `transaction_data` parameter, and the Wallets that do not support this parameter MUST reject requests that contain it.

Reviewer: i don't understand the question..?

The following additional considerations are given for pre-existing Authorization Request parameters:

`nonce`:

> : REQUIRED. A case-sensitive String representing a value to securely bind Verifiable Presentation(s) provided by the Wallet to the particular transaction. The Verifier MUST create a fresh, cryptographically random number with sufficient entropy for every Authorization Request, store it with its current session, and pass it in the `nonce` Authorization Request Parameter to the Wallet. See (#preventing-replay) for details. Values MUST only contain ASCII URL safe characters (uppercase and lowercase letters, decimal digits, hyphen, period, underscore, and tilde). 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
: REQUIRED. A case-sensitive String representing a value to securely bind Verifiable Presentation(s) provided by the Wallet to the particular transaction. The Verifier MUST create a fresh, cryptographically random number with sufficient entropy for every Authorization Request, store it with its current session, and pass it in the `nonce` Authorization Request Parameter to the Wallet. See (#preventing-replay) for details. Values MUST only contain ASCII URL safe characters (uppercase and lowercase letters, decimal digits, hyphen, period, underscore, and tilde).
```

The following additional considerations are given for pre-existing Authorization Request parameters:

`nonce`:

> : REQUIRED. A case-sensitive String representing a value to securely bind Verifiable Presentation(s) provided by the Wallet to the particular transaction. The Verifier MUST create a fresh, cryptographically random number with sufficient entropy for every Authorization Request, store it with its current session, and pass it in the `nonce` Authorization Request Parameter to the Wallet. See (#preventing-replay) for details. Values MUST only contain ASCII URL safe characters (uppercase and lowercase letters, decimal digits, hyphen, period, underscore, and tilde). If OpenID Connect is used, refer to its definition in [@!OpenID.Core].

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
: REQUIRED. A case-sensitive String representing a value to securely bind Verifiable Presentation(s) provided by the Wallet to the particular transaction. The Verifier MUST create a fresh, cryptographically random number with sufficient entropy for every Authorization Request, store it with its current session, and pass it in the `nonce` Authorization Request Parameter to the Wallet. See (#preventing-replay) for details. Values MUST only contain ASCII URL safe characters (uppercase and lowercase letters, decimal digits, hyphen, period, underscore, and tilde). 
```

Reviewer 5: don't know why this reference to OIDC is needed

The following additional considerations are given for pre-existing Authorization Request parameters:

`nonce`:

> : REQUIRED. A case-sensitive String generated from at least 16 fresh, cryptographically random bytes. It is used to securely bind the Verifiable Presentation(s) provided by the Wallet to the particular transaction. See (#preventing-replay) for details. Values MUST only contain ASCII URL safe characters (uppercase and lowercase letters, decimal digits, hyphen, period, underscore, and tilde). If OpenID Connect is used, refer to its definition in [@!OpenID.Core].

Reviewer 3: This is technically a normative change, the existing text about nonce being at least 16 fresh cryptographically random bytes is currently only in implementation considerations.

Author: It is related since there was a concern that for DC API, the definition of nonce in OIDC does not make so much sense.

: REQUIRED. Defined in [@!OAuth.Responses]. This parameter is used (through the new Response Mode `direct_post`) to ask the Wallet to send the response to the Verifier via an HTTPS connection (see (#response_mode_post) for more details). It is also used to request signing and encrypting (see (#jarm) for more details). 

`client_id`:

> : REQUIRED for non-DC API implementations. Defined in [@!RFC6749]. However, for the DC API, it is OPTIONAL, as specified in (#dc_api). This specification also defines additional requirements to enable the use of Client Identifier Schemes, as described in (#client_metadata_management).

Author: The challenge is that `client_id` is referenced by the DC API section. Although the values are clearly defined. I would keep the "REQUIRED for non-DC API implementations".

> : REQUIRED for non-DC API implementations. Defined in [@!RFC6749]. However, for the DC API, it is OPTIONAL, as specified in (#dc_api). This specification also defines additional requirements to enable the use of Client Identifier Schemes, as described in (#client_metadata_management).

Author: However, I removed the sub-clause but added text from OAuth 2.1 that says that client ID can be issued by another party as well.

## Request {#dc_api_request}

The Verifier MAY send an Authorization Request, as defined in (#vp_token_request), to the DC API.

> Out of the Authorization Request parameters defined in [@!RFC6749] and (#vp_token_request), the following are supported with OpenID4VP over the W3C Digital Credentials API:

Reviewer 5: I think implementers should be able to support OAuth/OIDC parameters unless they don't make sense. For example, `redirect_uri` does not make sense. But other then that, why prohibiting things that are already specified?

> Out of the Authorization Request parameters defined in [@!RFC6749] and (#vp_token_request), the following are supported with OpenID4VP over the W3C Digital Credentials API:

Author: It should be now more clear that only the Annex applies to DC API unless sections are directly referenced within the Annex.

* `request`
* `transaction_data`
* `dcql_query`
* `state`

The following is a non-normative example of an unsigned OpenID4VP request (when advanced security features of OpenID4VP are not used) that can be sent over the DC API :

```js
{
  response_type: "vp_token",
  response_mode: "dc_api",
  nonce: "n-0S6_WzA2Mj",
  client_metadata: {...},
  dcql_query: {...}
}
```

The `client_id` parameter MUST be omitted in unsigned requests defined in (#unsigned_request). The Wallet determines the effective Client Identifier from the Origin. The effective Client Identifier is composed of a synthetic Client Identifier Scheme of `web-origin` and the Origin itself. For example, an Origin of `https://verifier.example.com` would result in an effective Client Identifier of `web-origin:https://verifier.example.com`. The transport of the request and Origin to the Wallet is platform-specific and is out of scope of OpenID4VP over the W3C Digital Credentials API. The Wallet MUST ignore any `client_id` parameter that is present in an unsigned request.

> The value of the `response_mode` parameter MUST be `dc_api` when the response is neither signed nor encrypted and `dc_api.jwt` when the response is signed and/or encrypted as defined in (#jarm). The Response Mode `dc_api` causes the Wallet to send the Authorization Response via the DC API. For Response Mode `dc_api.jwt`, the Wallet includes the `response` parameter, which contains a JWT encapsulating the Authorization Response, as defined in (#jarm).

Reviewer 2: The response parameter is defined in 2.3.1, 2.3.2 and 2.3.3, but earlier in this PR it is said that for JARM only section 2.4, 3 and 4 are applicable.

Author: `(#jarm)` is an internal link within this spec. It does not link to the JARM spec.

Author: The internal reference has to be updated since JARM was removed.

## Request {#dc_api_request}

> The Verifier MAY send an Authorization Request, as defined in (#vp_token_request), to the DC API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Verifier MAY send a Request, as defined in (#vp_token_request), to the DC API.
```

we've been avoiding to call this authorization request, since technically we allow different grants, including authorization code grant

Parameters defined by a specific Client Identifier Prefix (such as the `trust_chain` parameter for the OpenID Federation Client Identifier Prefix) are also supported over the W3C Digital Credentials API.

The `client_id` parameter MUST be present in signed requests defined in (#signed_request), as it communicates to the wallet which Client Identifier Prefix and Client Identifier to use when authenticating the client through verification of the request signature or retrieving client metadata.

>  

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
